[docs] Update documentation page for expo-updates (#19408)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/updates.mdx

**To test manual updates with standalone apps**, you can create a [simulator build](/build-reference/simulators.mdx) or [APK](/build-reference/apk.mdx), or make a release build locally with `npx expo run:ios --configuration Release` and `npx expo run:android --variant release` (you don't need to submit this build to the store to test).

### Using expo-updates with private update server
Example implementation (of server) and example app using private server can be found in repo [custom-expo-updates-server](https://github.com/expo/custom-expo-updates-server)

There is requirement for every private server to implement this [protocol](https://docs.expo.dev/technical-specs/expo-updates-0/)

### Configuration options

> Some build-time configuration options are available to configure the behavior of `expo-updates`. On iOS, these properties are set as keys in `Expo.plist` and on Android as `meta-data` tags in `AndroidManifest.xml` adjacent to the tags added during installation. On Android, you may also define these properties at runtime by passing a `Map` as the second parameter of `UpdatesController.initialize()`, and when provided the values will override any values specified in `AndroidManifest.xml`. On iOS, you may set these properties at runtime by calling `[UpdatesController.sharedInstance setConfiguration:]` at any point _before_ calling `start` or `startAndShowLaunchScreen` and the values in this dictionary will override any values specified in `Expo.plist`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some build-time configuration options are available to configure the behavior of `expo-updates`. 

On Android, these options are set as `meta-data` tags adjacent to the tags added during installation in the **AndroidManifest.xml** file. You can also define these options at runtime by passing a `Map` as the second parameter of `UpdatesController.initialize()`, and the provided values will override any value specified in **AndroidManifest.xml**.

On iOS, these properties are set as keys in **Expo.plist** file. You can also set them at runtime by calling `[UpdatesController.sharedInstance setConfiguration:]` at any point before calling `start` or `startAndShowLaunchScreen`, and the values in this dictionary will override any values specified in **Expo.plist**.
```

I've updated this section to the following guidelines from our writing style guide:
- [Filenames as bold text](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#filenames-as-bold-text) such as for **Expo.plist**.
- [Referencing Android before iOS](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#referencing-android-ios-and-web)

The text was a bit hard to read so as per the second guideline I divided into sub-parts for both Android and iOS.
- The phrase ", and when provided the values..." seemed it was missing something. Changed it to " and the provided values will override any ..." for now but let me know or feel free to update if you originally meant something else by it.

> | iOS plist/dictionary key | Android Map key | Android meta-data name         | Default | Required? |
> |--------------------------|---------------- | ------------------------------ | ------- | --------- |
> | `EXUpdatesEnabled`       | `enabled`       | `expo.modules.updates.ENABLED` | `true`  | ❌        |
> | `EXUpdatesURL`           | `updateUrl`     | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_UPDATE_URL` | (none)  | ✅        |
> | `EXUpdatesRequestHeaders`| `requestHeaders`| `expo.modules.updates.UPDATES_CONFIGURATION_REQUEST_HEADERS_KEY` | (none)  | ❌        |
> | `EXUpdatesSDKVersion`    | `sdkVersion`    | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_SDK_VERSION` | (none)  | (exactly one of `sdkVersion` or `runtimeVersion` is required, Required for apps hosted on Expo's server) |
> | `EXUpdatesRuntimeVersion` | `runtimeVersion` | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_RUNTIME_VERSION` | (none)  | (exactly one of `sdkVersion` or `runtimeVersion` is required) |
> | `EXUpdatesReleaseChannel` | `releaseChannel` | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_RELEASE_CHANNEL` | `default` | ❌        |
> | `EXUpdatesCheckOnLaunch` | `checkOnLaunch` | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_UPDATES_CHECK_ON_LAUNCH` | `ALWAYS` (`ALWAYS`, `NEVER`, `WIFI_ONLY`, `ERROR_RECOVERY_ONLY`)| ❌        |
> | `EXUpdatesLaunchWaitMs`  | `launchWaitMs`  | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_UPDATES_LAUNCH_WAIT_MS` | `0`     | ❌        |
> | `EXUpdatesCodeSigningCertificate` | `codeSigningCertificate` | `expo.modules.updates.CODE_SIGNING_CERTIFICATE`    | (none)  | ❌        |
> | `EXUpdatesCodeSigningMetadata`    | `codeSigningMetadata`    | `expo.modules.updates.CODE_SIGNING_METADATA`       | (none)  | ❌        |
> | `EXUpdatesCodeSigningIncludeManifestResponseCertificateChain` | `codeSigningIncludeManifestResponseCertificateChain` | `expo.modules.updates.CODE_SIGNING_INCLUDE_MANIFEST_RESPONSE_CERTIFICATE_CHAIN` | false | ❌        |
> | `EXUpdatesConfigCodeSigningAllowUnsignedManifests` | `codeSigningAllowUnsignedManifests` | `expo.modules.updates.CODE_SIGNING_ALLOW_UNSIGNED_MANIFESTS` | false | ❌        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| iOS plist/dictionary key | Android Map key | Android meta-data name         | Default | Required? |
|--------------------------|---------------- | ------------------------------ | ------- | --------- |
| `EXUpdatesEnabled`       | `enabled`       | `expo.modules.updates.ENABLED` | `true`  | ❌        |
| `EXUpdatesURL`           | `updateUrl`     | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_UPDATE_URL` | (none)  | ✅        |
| `EXUpdatesRequestHeaders`| `requestHeaders`| `expo.modules.updates.UPDATES_CONFIGURATION_REQUEST_HEADERS_KEY` | (none)  | ❌        |
| `EXUpdatesSDKVersion`    | `sdkVersion`    | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_SDK_VERSION` | (none)  | (exactly one of `sdkVersion` or `runtimeVersion` is required, Required for apps hosted on Expo's server) |
| `EXUpdatesRuntimeVersion` | `runtimeVersion` | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_RUNTIME_VERSION` | (none)  | (exactly one of `sdkVersion` or `runtimeVersion` is required) |
| `EXUpdatesReleaseChannel` | `releaseChannel` | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_RELEASE_CHANNEL` | `default` | ❌        |
| `EXUpdatesCheckOnLaunch` | `checkOnLaunch` | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_UPDATES_CHECK_ON_LAUNCH` | `ALWAYS` (`ALWAYS`, `NEVER`, `WIFI_ONLY`, `ERROR_RECOVERY_ONLY`)| ❌        |
| `EXUpdatesLaunchWaitMs`  | `launchWaitMs`  | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_UPDATES_LAUNCH_WAIT_MS` | `0`     | ❌        |
| `EXUpdatesCodeSigningCertificate` | `codeSigningCertificate` | `expo.modules.updates.CODE_SIGNING_CERTIFICATE`    | (none)  | ❌        |
| `EXUpdatesCodeSigningMetadata`    | `codeSigningMetadata`    | `expo.modules.updates.CODE_SIGNING_METADATA`       | (none)  | ❌        |
| `EXUpdatesCodeSigningIncludeManifestResponseCertificateChain` | `codeSigningIncludeManifestResponseCertificateChain` | `expo.modules.updates.CODE_SIGNING_INCLUDE_MANIFEST_RESPONSE_CERTIFICATE_CHAIN` | false | ❌        |
| `EXUpdatesConfigCodeSigningAllowUnsignedManifests` | `codeSigningAllowUnsignedManifests` | `expo.modules.updates.CODE_SIGNING_ALLOW_UNSIGNED_MANIFESTS` | false | ❌        |
```

[We avoid using emojis in the docs](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#do-not-use-emojis). For ❌ or ✅, I'd suggest replacing them with `<NoIcon />` and `<YesIcon />`. You can import them from [here](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/938dd541005773f1ece1d8a2d7bd34c20fc55ffb/docs/ui/components/DocIcons/index.ts).

> For detailed explanation check expo-updates [README.md](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/packages/expo-updates/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed explanation see [expo-updates](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/packages/expo-updates/README.md) repository.
```

**To test manual updates with standalone apps**, you can create a [simulator build](/build-reference/simulators.mdx) or [APK](/build-reference/apk.mdx), or make a release build locally with `npx expo run:ios --configuration Release` and `npx expo run:android --variant release` (you don't need to submit this build to the store to test).

> ### Using expo-updates with a private server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Using expo-updates with a custom server
```
We use "custom" to describe this, so updating this wording

> There is a requirement for every private server to implement [Expo Updates protocol](https://docs.expo.dev/technical-specs/expo-updates-0/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every custom updates server must implement the [Expo Updates protocol](https://docs.expo.dev/technical-specs/expo-updates-0/).
```

> You can find an example implementation of a private server and an app using that server in the [custom-expo-updates-server](https://github.com/expo/custom-expo-updates-server) repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find an example implementation of a custom server and an app using that server in the [custom-expo-updates-server](https://github.com/expo/custom-expo-updates-server) repository.
```

### Configuration options

> Some build-time configuration options are available to configure the behavior of `expo-updates`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are build-time configuration options that control the behavior of `expo-updates`. 
```

| `EXUpdatesReleaseChannel` | `releaseChannel` | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_RELEASE_CHANNEL` | `default` | <NoIcon />        |
| `EXUpdatesCheckOnLaunch` | `checkOnLaunch` | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_UPDATES_CHECK_ON_LAUNCH` | `ALWAYS` (`ALWAYS`, `NEVER`, `WIFI_ONLY`, `ERROR_RECOVERY_ONLY`)| <NoIcon />        |
| `EXUpdatesLaunchWaitMs`  | `launchWaitMs`  | `expo.modules.updates.EXPO_UPDATES_LAUNCH_WAIT_MS` | `0`     | <NoIcon />        |
| `EXUpdatesCodeSigningCertificate` | `codeSigningCertificate` | `expo.modules.updates.CODE_SIGNING_CERTIFICATE`    | (none)  | <NoIcon />        |
| `EXUpdatesCodeSigningMetadata`    | `codeSigningMetadata`    | `expo.modules.updates.CODE_SIGNING_METADATA`       | (none)  | <NoIcon />        |
| `EXUpdatesCodeSigningIncludeManifestResponseCertificateChain` | `codeSigningIncludeManifestResponseCertificateChain` | `expo.modules.updates.CODE_SIGNING_INCLUDE_MANIFEST_RESPONSE_CERTIFICATE_CHAIN` | false | <NoIcon />        |
| `EXUpdatesConfigCodeSigningAllowUnsignedManifests` | `codeSigningAllowUnsignedManifests` | `expo.modules.updates.CODE_SIGNING_ALLOW_UNSIGNED_MANIFESTS` | false | <NoIcon />        |

> For detailed explanation, see [`expo-updates`](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/packages/expo-updates/README.md) repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a detailed explanation, see the [`expo-updates`](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/packages/expo-updates/README.md) repository.
```
